Hey guys!
It's Rachel.
So a while back I did
testing out weird dog gadgets
with Neyo, who is my puppy.
Which was really
fun because I didn't
know how many weird
gadgets were made for dogs.
So then it got me thinking.
How many weird gadgets
are made for people?
A lot, I think.
I think a lot of weird
gadgets are made for people.
And I was right,
because, wow, I found
some really gadgets for this.
So, for this video
I'm going to do
trying out weird girl gadgets.
To be honest, I think
it was unnecessary these
were gendered objects,
because they're objects.
But whatever.
These were just that were
marketed towards girls,
so I'll do testing
out girl gadgets.
And give this video
a thumbs up if you
want to see me testing out weird
guy gadgets, because it's even
weirder when it's for guys.
Ugh.
And comment down below
which one of these gadgets
you would actually use.
So without further ado,
let's get on with the video.
Weird gadget number one.
This thing basically
is supposedly something
that you put on your head,
and it moves the ears
based on your emotions.
But we'll see.
Lost an ear.
I think that's supposed
to go here, like that,
just a little behind my head.
Are these supposed
to go on my ear?
Can I press this button?
It feels so weird!
Is the motion it's
showing uncomfortable?
I'm going to just try
to see if this works.
So the first emotion
I will do is happy.
I'll first do happy and we'll
see if the ears go to happy.
Are these sad ears?
Wow, imagine if my ears
just moved this much.
I wish I had knew how
to wiggle my ears.
Let me try.
Fine, I may not be able
to wiggle my actual ears,
but I can wiggle these ears.
I can't but feel like
this is just randomized.
OK, I'll feel nothing.
Yeah, no, I don't
think this thing works.
I wonder if it moves even
when it's not on my head.
Oh my god, there
must be a ghost here!
I am just kidding this
house isn't haunted.
This next girl gadget
is, a remote control
mop because only
girls clean, right?
I'm joking.
But it is that it's
a remote control map.
OK, I'm going to
try it on the couch.
Let's try it on the floor.
OK, this is literally a toy car
with a little mop around it,
but let's try it
out on the floor.
Oh, look at that!
It goes in a little circle!
Wow!
I'll never have
to mop ever again.
Oh!
Neyo!
Oh my god, it fits
under my couch!
I think I broke it.
It was fun it lasted.
The next weird gadget is a
full leg and foot massager.
OK.
Oh my goodness, it's
like a little dog petter.
Hey, cutie.
How do I start it?
This is all in Japanese.
I don't fully understand.
It just kind of feels like--
you know when you get your blood
pressure taken by the doctor?
It's not unpleasant.
This is weird!
I don't want to tear it off!
I'm good now.
The next one has a lot of wires.
This one is supposed
to be a microphone
that you can sing karaoke
into where nobody hears you.
So when you're having a
3:00 AM karaoke session--
this is when you'd use that.
I think the whole point is
that I can hear myself sing,
but no one else can.
I don't know what I'm doing.
OK, let's see.
Hello?
OK, so I'd be able to sing,
and no one else can hear me.
Can you guys hear me?
Can you guys hear me right now?
I believe I can fly!
[MUFFLED SINGING]
Can you hear me singing,
because I can hear
myself singing really loud.
[VOCALIZING]
Hello!
OK.
I can't help thinking about you.
I hear that in my head.
OK, so I get it,
you sing with it.
I just want you.
Just can't be--
Try to guess what I'm saying
in the comment section.
Susie bought seashells
down by the seashore.
[MUFFLED SINGING] you might
have to lift the gate.
But don't worry, be happy.
I feel you guys could
still completely hear
what I'm saying.
This next gadget--
it's a special massager
that helps shape and tone
your bust into a better form.
That's not a real thing.
You can't shape and
tone it with a hand.
To be honest, the
last thing that I want
is to have a creepy
shaped hand as something
that holds my boob.
It feels like a weird
bathing suit or a weird bra.
Supportive, it gives support.
If you agonize about
sagging bust, don't worry,
you're not alone.
OK, first of all, let
me just say something.
A boob is a boob, and
every boob is lovely, OK?
I don't like this whole thing
where some people are like,
oh yeah, some boobs are
saggy, or that these boobs are
really flat, or these
boobs are really big.
Let girls just have boobs!
I don't think does
what it says it does,
but it's a great backscratcher,
root lifter, if you're lonely,
you can hold another hand.
It can also probably apply
some under eye concealer
pretty well.
You can use it to
place a hand on a knee.
You can use it for
lots of things,
just not what it says it's for.
This next gadget is
an aluminum face spa.
I think it's just a face
mask made out of aluminum?
Put this behind my ears.
What's here, this
behind my neck, I think?
No.
Yeah.
Yeah, you're supposed to
use this in the shower.
I guess it does is--
puts the steam on your face,
but I'm getting steam on my face
just from me breathing on
myself, because the air doesn't
come out.
I feel like, a super
fancy jousting person.
I'm going to go to
a renaissance fair
but be the fabulous knight.
Ooh, yeah I'm sweaty now.
And then there's this thing.
I think it's supposed to
strengthen your cheek muscles.
I feel like it would be fun
to eat food with this on.
That was weird.
This next gadget is similar
to the remote control
mop, except for I think this
mop you just put on the floor,
and it just laughs.
OK.
Ah!
OK, so it just moves
around on it's own.
Uh!
I can't see this getting
much done to be honest.
But it's cute.
It's definitely cute.
It's useless though,
completely useless.
But, yeah!
That's all the gadgets.
So I hope you guys
enjoyed this video.
If you didn't see my
previous two videos,
click those down below.
And subscribe right over there
if you're subscribed already.
OK, I love you guys so much!
Bye!